the painting is in excellent condition not
has no piece repainted its
tires have more d
three quarters of life more or less
does not have any blow as they could
see in the engine
back was not touched either
your tub is
in good conditions
it has no hits anywhere
has never been hit
three following refraction
and his cat
the interiors
also good conditions the seats
rear
the paint on the awning is not
nothing burned
the sunroof opens well
from the opposite side is not
touched
likewise the painting of the chest is in
good conditions
the wheels none has a single scrape
banquetazo dented no people are
selected
all the tires are in good condition
conditions the brakes equal
the general interiors are in good condition
terms
the vestments
back
the cloth of the vestments the skin
in the sky
you get to see a little of the same no
nothing is burned the only detail
in the garments is this torn in the
fanny pack of the pilot
it measures about 10 centimeters can
compare here with about 5 centimeters with
the label of the bottle
it is not that I published the reparation masters
you have to change all this all this
canvas
inside
all these good conditions after your
stereo mp3 with usb
auxiliary although
I was playing the USB works
the box is the same is in some
conditions let's go to this
all your instruments work
we are going to learn them
as they see it starts it found healthy it does not cost
nothing the work will start it will pay
after learning
the only detail that it has is everything
never detail that you have him
the speedometer that sometimes does not mark the
speed but all the rest
instruments serve your meter
gas tachometer temperature all
witnesses to each oil pressure
oil temperature everything works
your bed few
works perfectly
the other position
with one touch
detail that you have to
the speedometer
he is the one who does not mark
this is the car as you will see
It is in good condition